Update 1Password SSH integration (#32)
renuo/laptop-setup-guide-for-macos: technical-setup.md

Follow the instructions on 1Password to use the 1Password SSH-Agent.
See also [1Password SSH Agent](https://blog.1password.com/1password-ssh-agent/)

We have many SSH keys. So the default config will run into the issue of
[`Too many authentication failures`](https://www.1password.dev/ssh/agent/advanced#ssh-server-six-key-limit).
Therefore check the option "Generate SSH config file with bookmarked hosts".
You should now have three relevant config files:

> * `~/.config/1Password/ssh/agent.toml` listing the available vaults

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `~/.config/1Password/ssh/agent.toml` listing the vaults you need:
```
[[ssh-keys]]
vault = "Employee"

[[ssh-keys]]
vault = "Deploio"

[[ssh-keys]]
vault = "Client Projects"
```
```

Reviewer: I think this would be helpful as well

* `~/.ssh/1Password/config` with all bookmarks for precise host matching
* `~/.ssh/config` looking like this:
  ```
  Include ~/.ssh/1Password/config
  
  …
  
  Host *
    IdentityAgent "~/Library/Group Containers/….com.1password/t/agent.sock"
  ```

If you find yourself with stale configs you can re-issue with

> disabling/enablign the checkboxes in 1Password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
disabling/enabling the checkboxes in 1Password.
```
